Someone will bring Old Man Li and the others in
To be punished as a crime
Sir, I am wronged, sir, go
Hahahaha
Okay, okay.
And it was fantastic.
I can have such a young talent in Oi
It is also the blessing of my well
Thank you
Qin Feng, what do you call a case?
You are clearly a liar
If this doesn't count as a case
Then tell me what constitutes a case resolution
Do you make false accusations like you?
Headstrong like you
Eyes above the top student
Even if you become an official, you are still a mediocre official
Yan Zhang, what do you think should be done?
Zhengqing just avoided self-use and did not repent
I have separated myself since then
No court for life
Teacher, you are going too far
I am the flute of the Zheng family, you
How could you do that?
bold
Guo Zijian is a place to train officials
Not the back garden of your powerful
Come
Get him out of here!
Hey
Teacher, I was wrong.
Teacher teacher
The word of this person makes the traitor stop
I'm afraid my identity is not simple.
that
You just said you wanted to see me.
official
It's something that my second uncle invited for a long journey.
OK, then you go with me alone
Others wait here first
Adults please